---
title: "28 today"
date: "2008-01-03"
categories: 
  - "me"
---

It seems like I've survived another year :)

I've just finished processing my email and am reflecting on the goals I wrote this time [last year](/2007/01/07/2007/):

> - continue bodybuilding
> - write more code
> - blog more
> - increase Linux skills
> - get a "real" job

Here's the outcome:

- I put a lot of effort into training and nutrition last year and found that when vanity is my motivation then happiness will not be mine. I'm still trying to find a long-term strategy with this

- I developed MacServ for the guys at [Mac-Sys](http://mac-sys.co.uk/) and it is in daily use

- I continue to blog, albeit irregularly. I still wouldn't consider myself a “blogger” though

- I've done a lot with [Linux](/category/linux/) over the last year. My 9 to 5 involves a lot of Solaris and all my side projects involve either Linux or the BSD derived Mac OS X. This stuff is becoming more and more ingrained

- I'm currently working for the largest company in the world. Scary biscuits!

My intentions for this year run along these lines:

- Communicate more, whether in person or via blogging/email/IM
- Contribute to an open-source project
- Learn a new programming language
- Put more emphasis on software development in general
- Travel to somewhere I've never been before

These I think are realistic and very much achievable. More idealistic/loftier things I'd like to do:

- Learn to touch type
- Become a freelance/contract developer
- Become a “Mac guy”

I look forward to seeing how much of this I'll achieve before review time comes around again. I was quite pleased to see how many things I'd ticked off my list from last year.

I've kicked off my birthday celebrations with an extra shot americano from the coffee guy at work. Chin-chin!
